README.md, before:

sso-cookie-example
==================

Java web app demonstrating Single-Sign-On (SSO) capabilities using a domain cookie and a series of Servlet Filters.

*Notice - when running the SSO app(s), you cannot use 'localhost'. You must use 127.0.0.1 or an alias in your hosts file. This is due to browsers refusing to set domain based cookies on localhost.

To run a single version:

mvn tomcat7:run

go to: http://127.0.0.1:9090/sso

Login as any user  (this login step would be customized based on what is needed in your own production environment).

----

* Multiple Apps using Single Sign-On

Two applications: 'blue' and 'red'. Deploy both, either on the same host or behind a proxy.
Login to either one of the applications, and now you are logged into the other(s). Logout of either app, and you will be logged out of the other(s).

To deploy this scenario, follow these instructions:

1. Run mvn clean install. Copy the target/sso.war to your Tomcat/JBoss/Servlet environment as blue.war.
2. Switch the 'appName' and 'appName1' initialization parameters under src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml. - the new app is now 'red', and the linked app 'blue'.
3. rebuild using mvn clean install. This time, copy the sso.war to your servlet container as red.war.
4. Login to either one of the apps at http://<host>/blue or http://<host>/red. Do not use 'localhost' if deploying locally. Instead, use 127.0.0.1 or an alias from your hosts file.
5. Login and accept the terms.
6. Now click the link to the other app. You won't have to login or accept ther terms. Your username is already set. Notice that they share a global domain cookie, but have separate sessions. 
7. Logout of either one of the apps. Go back to the other app. Ajax calls will detect the logout from the other app. Clicking any other link will redirect to login.

Commit message:

updated README file for Spring Security version

README.md, after:

sso-cookie-example
==================

Java web app demonstrating Single-Sign-On (SSO) capabilities using a domain cookie and a customized Spring Security filter chain.

*Notice - when running the SSO app(s), you cannot use 'localhost'. You must use 127.0.0.1 or an alias in your hosts file. This is due to some browsers refusing to set domain based cookies on localhost.

To run a single version:

mvn tomcat7:run

go to: http://127.0.0.1:9090/sso

Attempt login as any user  (this login step would be customized based on what is needed in your own production environment).
You will have to 'fake register'. Then use the newly created username to login.

----

* Multiple Apps using Single Sign-On

Two applications: 'blue' and 'red'. Deploy both, either on the same host or behind a proxy.
Login to either one of the applications, and now you are logged into the other(s). Logout of either app, and you will be logged out of the other(s).

To deploy this scenario, follow these instructions:

1. Run mvn clean install. Copy the target/sso.war to your Tomcat/JBoss/Servlet environment as blue.war.
2. Switch the 'appName' and 'appName1' initialization parameters under src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml. - the new app is now 'red', and the linked app 'blue'.
3. Rebuild using mvn clean install. This time, copy the war to your servlet container as red.war.
4. Login to either one of the apps at http://<host>/blue or http://<host>/red. Do not use 'localhost' if deploying locally. Instead, use 127.0.0.1 or an alias from your hosts file. You will have to 'fake register'. 
5. Login and accept the terms.
6. Now click the link to the other app. You won't have to login or accept ther terms. Your username is already set. Notice that they share a global domain cookie, but have separate sessions. 
7. Logout of either one of the apps. Go back to the other app. Ajax calls will detect the logout from the other app. Clicking any other link will redirect to login.

Notice that the created user accounts will be destroyed when the servlet container is stopped.
